Adding a L1 blockchains section, including Hedera (#1762)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/projects-using-besu.md

- [BlockScout](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout#readme) - See the [project documentation](https://docs.blockscout.com/) for setup instructions.

- [Chainlens Blockchain Explorer](https://www.web3labs.com/chainlens) - See how to [use Chainlens with privacy-enabled networks](../../private-networks/how-to/monitor/chainlens.md).

## L1 BlockChains

The following EVM equivalent blockchains are compatible with Besu and utilize it in their mainnet nodes:

> - [Hedera](https://hedera.com/) - Hedera uses Besu inside it's consenus node, as the EVM execution layer. This was adopted in [HIP 26](https://hips.hedera.com/hip/hip-26). See [Hyperledger Besu EVM on Hedera](https://docs.hedera.com/hedera/core-concepts/smart-contracts/deploying-smart-contracts#hyperledger-besu-evm-on-hedera) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Hedera](https://hedera.com/) - Hedera uses Besu inside its consensus node, as the EVM execution layer. This was adopted in [HIP 26](https://hips.hedera.com/hip/hip-26). See [Hyperledger Besu EVM on Hedera](https://docs.hedera.com/hedera/core-concepts/smart-contracts/deploying-smart-contracts#hyperledger-besu-evm-on-hedera) for more details.
```
